Add warning that this repository is archived to README (#99)
Qiskit-Partners/qiskit-runtime: README.md

> # Qiskit Runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Qiskit Runtime (NOW ARCHIVED)
```

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Qiskit/qiskit-terra.svg?style=popout-square)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

> > **Warning**: This repository was only temporarily used and never published. It is archived and no longer maintained. Please use https://github.com/qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime instead.

Reviewer: It was published here https://qiskit.org/documentation/partners/qiskit_runtime/
```suggestion
> **Archived**: This repository has been merged with [qiskit-ibm-runtime](https://github.com/qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime) to keep documentation closer to code. This repository is archived and no longer maintained. Please use [qiskit-ibm-runtime](https://github.com/qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime) instead.
```

Author: Thanks for the clarification, @rathishcholarajan. Shows that it's definitely a cause for confusion because I did no even remember what `Qiskit-Partners/qiskit-runtime` was used for.
